                       ##TERMS OF USE
The following terms of use outline your obligations when using the Pedwuma websites, mobile applications, and services.


1.ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
Pedwuma website is available at www.pedwuma.com, all related sites and mobile applications, and the various content, features, and services offered on and in connection with these sites and applications are owned and operated by Pedwuma. 
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING, DOWNLOADING, OR USING ANY OF THE SITES AND SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO BECOME BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS AND USE THE SITES AND SERVICES.


2.USER CONDUCT
You agree not to use the sites and services for any purpose unlawful or prohibited by these terms of use or any other purpose not reasonably intended by Pedwuma. Users who commit the outlined violations may be subject to civil and/or financial penalties and loss of access to Pedwuma.com and its mobile apps.

A.Use Pedwuma.com and its mobile apps in any manner that infringes, misappropriates, or violates any third party’s rights, including harassing, threatening, intimidating, impersonating, or attempting to impersonate any other person, falsifying your contact, act of deception, crime, intentional damage to property and money laundering.

B.Use Pedwuma’s content and logos to reproduce, duplicate, copy, modify, sell,  or exploit any content or the sites and services for any commercial, educational purpose

C.Knowingly provide or submit false or misleading information.

D.Any action that would undermine the review and rating process under Pedwuma.com and its mobile apps.

E.Gain unauthorized access to the sites and services, other user accounts, or other computer systems or networks connected to the sites and services.

F.Gain  unauthorized access, including attempting to obtain the password, account, or any additional personal or private information from any other sites and services.

G.Transmit materials that are encrypted or that contain viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, spiders, cancelbots, or other computer programming routines that are likely or intended to damage, interfere with, disrupt, impair, disable, or otherwise overburden the Pedwuma sites and services.

H.Use of Pedwuma.com and its mobile apps for commercial sex trade or to post sexual content.


3.REGISTRATION INFORMATION AND REVIEWS
By signing up with Pedwuma.com and its mobile apps, you agree to provide your personal information, which is not limited to your email address and telephone number, to gain access.

A.You represent and warrant that your information represents your true identity. 


4.REVIEWS AND RATINGS

A.You are solely responsible for your reviews and ratings.

B.You will not submit reviews that may be considered infringing, harassing, abusive, threatening, obscene, profane, hateful, offensive, harmful, vulgar, distasteful, or defamatory to Pedwuma.

C.All reviews and ratings of the service providers you are rating will be accurate and from your honest view.

D.You have not received any form of compensation to post reviews and rating


5.AUTHENTICITY OF USER INFORMATION
A.Pedwuma does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity, quality, or appropriateness of any content transmitted to or through the service. You acknowledge that Pedwuma relies on information from users to act as a passive conduit and an interactive computer service provider to publish and distribute content in response to user’s needs.

B.Uderstand that Pedwuma has no obligation to screen, preview, monitor, or approve any content or service provider content. By using our service, you agree that it is solely your responsibility to evaluate the risks associated with the use, accuracy, usefulness, completeness, or appropriateness of any content you submit, receive, access, transmit, or otherwise convey through the service. Under no circumstances will Pedwuma be liable in any way for any content or service provider content.

C.You may, however, report content that you believe violates these terms of use or is otherwise unlawful by sending us a message to info@Pedwuma.com 


6.MODIFICATIONS TO PEDWUMA WEBSITE AND IT’S MOBILE APPS
Pedwuma is subject to future modification, and customers are highly encouraged to check for website and mobile app updates to meet their needs better. Your continued use of the site and services after such posting means you accept and agree to be bound by the modified terms of use.


7.TERMINATION
Pedwuma may terminate your privilege to use or access the sites and services immediately and without notice for violating the terms of use or any reason whatsoever. Upon such termination, you must immediately cease accessing pedwuma.com and its mobile apps.


8.WARRANTIES AND DISCLAIMERS
A.You access and use the sites and services at your own risk. The sites and services are provided on an as-available basis without warranty.

B.Any material accessed, downloaded, or otherwise obtained through the use of the sites and services is done at your own risk, and you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download.
